<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<hawk:surround with="../Layouts/header.xhtml" at="content" xmlns:hawk="http://fh-wedel.de/hawk" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <h1>About Hayoo!</h1>

  <p>Hayoo! is a search engine specialized on Haskell API documentation. The goal of Hayoo! is to provide an interactive, easy-to-use search interface to the documenation of various Haskell packages and libraries. Although the Hayoo! data is regularly updated, we might miss a package or library. If you think there is some documentation for Haskell modules available on the Internet which should be added to Hayoo!, just drop us a note at hayoo@holumbus.org and tell us the location where we can find the documentation.</p>

  <h1>Background</h1>

  <p>Hayoo! is an example application of the Holumbus framework and was heavily inspired by Hoogle. The Holumbus library provides the search and indexing backend for Hayoo!. Holumbus and Hayoo! have been developed by Sebastian M. Schlatt and Timo B. Hübel at FH Wedel University of Applied Sciences. The Holumbus framework provides the basic building blocks for creating highly customizable search engines. To demonstrate the flexibility of the framework by a very special use case, the Hayoo! Haskell API search was implemented using Holumbus.</p>

  <p>Currently, Hayoo! is still in beta stage. This means, it can become unavailable unexpectedly, as we do some maintenance or add new features. Therefore you should not yet rely on Hayoo! as primary search engine for Haskell documentation.</p>
  
  <h1>Technical Information</h1>

  <p>Hayoo! is entirely written in Haskell, including the underlying webserver. The web interface uses the Janus application server, written by Christian Uhlig. This server allows easy and seamless integration of Haskell code in web applications.</p>
  
  <h1>Feedback</h1>

  <p>We would like to know what you think about Hayoo!, therefore you can reach us at hayoo@holumbus.org and tell us about bugs, suggestions or anything else related to Hayoo!.</p>
</hawk:surround>
