<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<hawk:surround with="../Layouts/header.xhtml" at="content" xmlns:hawk="http://fh-wedel.de/hawk">
  <div id="cloud"></div>
  <div id="documents">
    <div id="examples">
      Hayoo! will search all packages from <a href="http://hackage.haskell.org">Hackage</a> (and additionally <a href="http://haskell.org/gtk2hs">gtk2hs</a>), currently 111.946 function and type definitions. Here are some example queries:
      <div class="example">
        <p>
          <a href="index?q=map&amp;start=0">map</a>
          searches for everything that contains a word starting with "map" (case insensitive) in the function name, module name or description.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class="example">
        <p>
          <a href="index?q=name%3Amap&amp;start=0">name:map</a>
          searches for everything where the function name starts with "map" (case insensitive).
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class="example">
        <p>
          <a href="index?q=map%20OR%20fold&amp;start=0">map OR fold</a>
          searches for everything that contains a word starting with "map" or "fold" (case insensitive) in the function name, module name or description.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class="example">
        <p>
          <a href="index?q=map%20package%3Acontainers&amp;start=0">map package:containers</a>
          searches for everything from package "containers" that contains a word starting with "map" (case insensitive) in the function name, module name or description.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class="example">
        <p>
          <a href="index?q=map%20hierarchy%3ALazy&amp;start=0">map hierarchy:Lazy</a>
          searches for everything where "Lazy" appears somewhere in the full qualified module name and that contains a word starting with "map" (case insensitive) in the function name, module name or description.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class="example">
        <p>
          <a href="index?q=(map%20OR%20fold)%20module%3AData.Map&amp;start=0">(map OR fold) module:Data.Map</a>
          searches for everything from module "Data.Map" that contains a word starting with "map" or "fold" (case insensitive) in the function name, module name or description.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class="example">
        <p>
          <a href="index?q=name%3Aattr%20module%3AText.XML&amp;start=0">name:attr module:Text.XML</a>
          searches for everything from the whole module hierarchy "Text.XML" where the function name starts with "attr" (case insensitive).
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div id="pages"></div>
</hawk:surround>
